#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url
#
aiocontextvars==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
aiodns==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp-devtools==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp-socks==0.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-devtools
    #   aiohttp-socks
aiojobs==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aliyun-fc2==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
altgraph==0.17.2
    # via
    #   macholib
    #   pyinstaller
anyio==3.4.0
    # via httpcore
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via devtools
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   python-socks
atoma==0.0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiohttp-socks
    #   atoma
    #   pytest
autopep8==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
    #   pynliner
brotli==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geventhttpclient
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cchardet==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   readability-lxml
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cli-helpers[styles]==2.2.0
    # via pgcli
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-devtools
    #   flask
    #   pgcli
    #   pgspecial
    #   pip-tools
configargparse==1.5.3
    # via locust
configobj==5.0.6
    # via
    #   cli-helpers
    #   pgcli
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via readability-lxml
cssutils==2.3.0
    # via pynliner
decorator==5.1.0
    # via validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   atoma
    #   python3-openid
devtools==0.8.0
    # via aiohttp-devtools
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
django-allauth==0.44.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-optimistic-lock==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-postgrespool2==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-auth==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-seal==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-optimistic-lock
    #   django-postgrespool2
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   django-seal
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   jsonfield
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   django-rest-swagger
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
executing==0.8.2
    # via devtools
fake-useragent==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
feedparser==6.0.0b3
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.4.2
    # via virtualenv
flake8==3.7.9
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-basicauth==0.2.0
    # via locust
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-basicauth
    #   locust
gevent==21.12.0
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   locust
geventhttpclient==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   locust
graphviz==0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   objgraph
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via gevent
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.12.0
    # via httpcore
hashids==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==0.14.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.21.3
    # via -r requirements.in
identify==2.4.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   validr
    #   yarl
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   flask
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
listparser==0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
locust==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
loguru==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readability-lxml
lz4==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
macholib==1.15.2
    # via pyinstaller
mako==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
memory-profiler==0.57.0
    # via -r requirements.in
module-graph==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==8.12.0
    # via pytest
msgpack==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   locust
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
netifaces==0.10.9
    # via -r requirements.in
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
objgraph==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
packaging==19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via pgcli
pgcli==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pgspecial==1.13.0
    # via pgcli
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pipdeptree==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via pgcli
psutil==5.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   locust
    #   memory-profiler
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pgcli
    #   pgspecial
py-spy==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycares==4.1.2
    # via aiodns
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.11.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp-devtools
    #   cli-helpers
    #   pgcli
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib==2021.4
    # via pyinstaller
pyinstaller==4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstrument-cext==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstrument
pyinstrument==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   shopant-sdk
pynliner==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   validr
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-httpserver==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   atoma
    #   pendulum
python-dotenv==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-slugify==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-socks[asyncio]==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-socks
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==20.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   locust
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
readability-lxml==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via django-allauth
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aliyun-fc2
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   locust
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   shopant-sdk
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
sentry-sdk==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
setproctitle==1.2.2
    # via pgcli
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
shopant-sdk==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   configobj
    #   cryptography
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   packaging
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   validators
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.3.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-postgrespool2
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   pgcli
    #   pgspecial
supervisor==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate[widechars]==0.8.9
    # via cli-helpers
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via validr
text-unidecode==1.2
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via pre-commit
tqdm==4.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via aiohttp
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
validators==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
validr==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
virtualenv==20.13.0
    # via pre-commit
watchgod==0.7
    # via aiohttp-devtools
wcwidth==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
    #   tabulate
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   locust
    #   pytest-httpserver
whitenoise==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
